_Merry_ _`[singing] Rest now, my warrior...`_

_The Doctor_ _Okay, then. That’s what I’ll do. I’ll tell you a story._

_Merry_ _`Wake... wake up, wake up, and let the cloak of life cling to your bones...`_

_The Doctor_ _Can you hear them? All these people who've lived in terror of you and your judgement. All these people whose ancestors devoted themselves, sacrificed themselves, to you. Can you hear them singing?_

_Merry_ _`Wake up...`_

_The Doctor_ _Oh, you like to think you're a god, but you're not a god. You're just a parasite eaten out with jealous and envy and longing for the lives of others. You feed on them. On the memory of love and loss and birth and death and joy and sorrow. So...so come on, then. Take mine. Take my memories. But I hope you've got a big appetite, because I've lived a long life, and I've seen a few things._

_Merry_ _`Wake up, wake up, and let the cloak of life cling to your bones...`_

_The Doctor_ _I walked away from the Last Great Time War. I marked the passing of the Time Lords. I saw the birth of the universe, and I watched as time ran out, moment by moment, until nothing remained. No time, no space – just me. I've walked in universes where the laws of physics were devised by the mind of a madman. I've watched universes freeze and creations burn. I have seen things you wouldn't believe. I have lost things you will never understand. And I know things. Secrets that must never be told, knowledge that must never be spoken, knowledge that will make parasite gods blaze! So, come on, then! Take it! Take it all, baby! Have it! You have it all!_

**The Rings of Akhaten  
Eleventh Doctor - [7.8]  
6 April 2013**